---
layout:   proj
title:    "EventBox: a better way to browse your events"
date:     2016-02-07
category: Web
git:      "https://github.com/timguoqk/event"
link:     "http://devpost.com/software/eventbox-g0pbt2"
feature:  20160207_eventbox_gallery.jpg
images: 
  - 20160207_eventbox_setup.png
---

*A Hack@Brown project.*

## Inspiration

Every morning, Brown students receive an email from the university about daily events. However, Brown's Morning Mail is unreadable, and it's hard identify the events that you actually want to go to. It's also impossible to filter the events into the areas that you're interested in. The same kinds of problems appear to other newsletters. That's where our website comes in to fix this problem.

## What it does

Users can log in the website through their Google accounts. After logging in, they can select what kind of email they want to deal with. And then EventBox will convert the email into a list of events. After users using the product for a while, EventBox can gradually learn about their preferences, and sort the events based its knowledge about the users. Users can also select events they actually want to attend, and add the events to their Google calendars.

## How we built it

We used node.js in the server and jade in the frontend.

## Challenges we ran into

It is difficult to implement the machine learning and the Google Calendar API.

## Accomplishments that we're proud of

We're proud of finishing the whole product with an elegant, user-friendly interface. And solve the problem that many people encounter everyday.

## What's next for EventBox

We hope we can make this product applicable to all kinds of emails, not just department emails and morning emails.